I booked a 3 BHK apartment in Noida (Savior Green Arch) on date 20 May 2016 and made the payment of rs 6 on frist wk of booking and 18 la (Through bank ) within first month of booking.
The payment mode was 40%(Within first month of booking) 60% (At the time of possession)
Final demand letter was issued on mid of 13 December 2017 but I didn’t receive any mail or any physical copy via courier.
My parents and sister stay in Noida. On 30th Dec 2017 they visited the office and came to to know about release of demand letter so they got it and couroered it to me.
I received it in first week of January and notice the last date of payment i.e. 28th December was already passed and there were some error in calculation of final payment.
I wrote the mail to the CRM team for asking for some more time for the payment and also I brought the calculation error in final payment on their notice.
I had the telephonic discussion with Mr Kuldeep (CRM spoke) and he accepted the error and assured me that within 2, 3 days I would get new demand letter as server is down currently and 1 month of time period for payment. I was regularly following up for the fresh demand letter on phone and mail. Every time he was saying the same excuse i.e. server is down as soon as it would up I will receive the new demand letter. 
The same has been recorded in mail (see the mail sent by kuldeep on 25th Jan).
After rigourous followup (couple of time my father/sister visited the office) finally my sister received the demand letter on 10th March 2018 and couriered it to me.

After receiving it I found that interest charge of rs 98.159 has been imposed.
I wroteback to them asking the reason of interest charges as it was alreadty communicated  to me that there would not by any interest charges payble for me as per old demand letter.
Kuldeep replied back to me with fresh demand letter (print date 20th March) and reverting all the interest. 
I made the payment immediately through RTGF (receipt ) and initiated the bank payment which was finally done on 19th April 2018. After receiving full payment on 19th April 2018, they asked us to collect the NOC on 5th May 2018.
When we approached for NOC on 10th March 2018,they again asked for Late payment charges. And clearly told that without the clearance of late payment charge they would not release NOC.
They stopped taking my calls, my parents visited several time to their office and tried to explain the situation but they never convinced and just asking for late payment fee.

Finally I visited Noida in January this year and met Kuldeep and produced all the documents to him with the mail communication then he accepted that mistake was at their end and became ready to release the NOC. But again that day server was down He asked me to come next day and I again visited next day but the same story server was down.
As I had to return Bangalore in few days he told me that I could return to Bangalore as the matter has been resolved so as soon as server will up he would pass the NOC to mr Rastogi (cre taker of k block) for complete the finising.
After returning Bangalore I followed-up with Mr Rastogi and he confirmed that he has received the NOC, and work has been started. Finally on first week of May he told that work has been completed we can start the hand-over process. When we again approached for CRM office for hand over they again said the same story that NOC is not released and without the payment of latefee it will not be released. When we approached to Mr Rastogi he simply denied that he recived any NOC. When we tried to contact Mr Kuldeep in CRM office we cam to know that he has resigned.
