I say in Bangalore and booked a 3 BHK apartment in Noida (K-1801, Saviour Green Arch, Greater Noida) on date 20 May 2016 with the payment mode 40%(Within first month of booking) - 60% (At the time of possession).
I made the payment of Rs 6,36,535  on first week of booking and Rs 1,880,916.00  (Through bank Home-Loan) within first month of booking. This completes 40%.

Final demand letter was issued on 13 December 2017 but I didn’t receive any mail/communication or any physical copy via courier.
My parents and sister stay in Noida. On 30th Dec 2017 they visited the office and came to know about release of demand letter so they received it on same day and couriered it to me.I received it in first week of January and noticed the last date of payment i.e. 28th December was already passed and there were some error in calculation of final payment.

Total Amount payable was 4,006,177.00
And they were asking to pay 4,104,553.00 + 37,024.00 (towards TDS).
That is extra rs 1 Lakh.


I dropped an E-Mail to the CRM team and asked for the clarification on discrepancy in demand letter.
I had the telephonic discussion with Mr Kuldeep (CRM spoke) and he accepted the error and assured me that within 2, 3 days I would get new demand letter as server was down that time and granted me 1 month of time period for payment. I was regularly following up for the fresh demand letter on phone and E-Mail. Every time he was saying the same excuse i.e. server is down as soon as it would up I will receive the new demand letter. 
The same has been recorded in mail (see the mail sent by kuldeep on 25th Jan).
After rigorous follow-up (couple of time my father/sister visited the office) finally my sister received the demand letter on 10th March 2018 and couriered it to me.

After receiving it I found that interest charge of Rs 98,159 has been imposed.
I wrote back to them asking the reason of interest charges as it was already communicated to me that there would not by any interest charges as per old demand letter. Kuldeep replied back to me with fresh demand letter (print date 20th March) and reverted all the interest. 
I made the payment immediately through RTGF and initiated the bank payment which was finally done on 19th April 2018. 
After receiving full payment on 19th April 2018, they asked us to collect the NOC on 5th May 2018.
When we approached for NOC on 10th March 2018, they again asked for Late payment charges. And clearly told that without the clearance of late payment charge NOC wouldn’t be released. They stopped taking my calls. So, my parents visited several time to their office and tried to explain the situation but all was in vain. They never convinced and just asking for late payment fee.

Finally I visited Noida in January this year and met Kuldeep and produced all the documents to him with the mail communication then he accepted that mistake was at their end and became ready to release the NOC. But again that day server was down He asked me to come next day and I again visited next day but the same story server was down.
As I had to return Bangalore in few days he told me that I could return to Bangalore as the matter has been resolved and as soon as server will up he would release the NOC and handover it directly to Mr Rastogi (care taker of k block), so that he would start the final works on the flat.
After returning Bangalore I followed-up with Mr Rastogi and he confirmed that he had received the NOC, and work had started. Finally on first week of May he told that work had completed and we could start the hand-over process. When we again approached for CRM office for hand over they again said the same story that NOC is not released and without the payment of late-fee it will not be released. When we approached to Mr Rastogi for NOC (As I was assuming that he already received NOC from Mr Kuldeep) he simply denied that he received any NOC. When we tried to contact Mr Kuldeep in CRM office we came to know that he had resigned some time back.
We talked to new CRM spokesperson and tried to explain the situation but they are not interested and negotiating to pay the late payment fee.

With this issue I filed the case to the Rera.
Court order has been issued with below 
Builder must provide physical possession by end of November 2019
AS per BBA whoever is resposible for delay must pay penal interest as per (MCLR + 1)%.



When we approached for NOC they started asking 4.75 lakhs for the delay at our end
They are asking for delay of registration


My point

Why should I pay late payment for their mistake (which they admitted)?
They already committed that no late payment will be collected.
They have hold the NOC from last 2 years. And I need the compensation for this two years.
Attachments area





